you want cheap credit his fifa
ultimate team goes on fifa com this point
fr reliable and fast website
he took advantage of 5% discount with
code says ms x elien hi to all and to
all the friends it's great to mix how
will you even Wafa very well
find today for a new
quite special video quite short them
guy because we're here for the bomb
who just dropped on the twitter
official of fifa france and yes the
price range arrives on the market
transfers what is it that
the price range a range of
price actually this is going to be a
price range that you will be able to
list is your player in the market of
transfers I explain myself for example a
raid 1 eden hazard the price bracket and
33 110000 minimum and 470 miles maximum
solidarity you can go your
day between 310 thousand and 470 miles on
do not know anymore that's what comes
to arrive
I'm commenting I'm not in
face of the eyes I do not have my game with
the price mix slice and is worrying
it's just that since there is a
proposed after there may be others
features we do not know in
anyway that's what will we fall it
five minutes ago I'm doing a little
video to explain that to you because
my bitch is still 100% that leaves
I still have to announce you
a little bit of these things for
warn the most people so
know that the price range
will arrive right after maintenance so
which is currently going on which has
started I can not tell you too much I
believe it started at 7 pm and the
stopped
ouch it'll be up to everything until 21h so
I think the video will come out
by the way until around 9 pm like that
will allow people who will discover this
name who will not have followed too much they will
launch their game we see the pitchfork and
boom prices
it happens on youtube which are for my
subscribers bout saw me obbadi musicians
he'll explain it to us that's nickel
in short I do not know more than you except
we can already tickle by pulling more
early excuse me conclusions ah yes
you
did not doubt that there is on a slice of
price like that it would be totally
finally stupid finally true basically there are some
goals there are goals behind this
price range is I think the
first goal is to block
credit sites pretty like that it's
like that guys I'll make you a
comment of what I think I
do not say anything in the case I attend I
think I'll do a video later
or I will explain my feelings more
all that is and explain a
little bit a little bit behind the scenes
excess late over see what I want
to say in short I think it's a good
thing when as a bad thing
must know that this loot for
rand is fair enough the game for
know who has who have millions and
millions on their account and you
you often find yourself with 100,000
some subscribers see some 50000 credit
and I understand that it can be
frustrating because you can not do it
and well this price range has for
aims to make fair for all
the world actually makes it simply
it's either you have to be lucky in
the packs must win matches
have to play to play toys
clearly I only see it like that for
the moment I do not have I do not have I
do not have as I tell you allah knows
not fallen yet I 'm not going under them
eyes but do I think that I
see on twitter and on networks
social it's just like that and
that so we can do these
ads well on the announced end of the
credit sites but there may be
that's why I'm a little bit
in the in the future we do not know what
that can happen we do not know if
maybe he'll retract we do not
do not know what's going to happen guys
it is in any case announced it will be
produce there may be loopholes and
all this but in any case do not seek
not the flaws for now let's talk
simply clearly the fork
prices are entering the market for
drum transfers from 15 short I do not see
not too much I can say
besides game for those who have had
little worries about game controls
I'm aware do not worry
I try to talk to my partner
besides played I think talking to my
partner to find out what they are going
do after 7 after this range of
price that arrives
what will happen on their side
just so the gains it was
to warn you
I do not have good on the price bracket
of all the players I told you I
that of azhar under the eyes the skin
to enlighten me a little bit I saw that
that of messi would turn between 5
million and 7 million I believe finally
in short, all the same for purpose also
we will not hide stabilize the
market it aims to stabilize the
market and I think it's not no
plus one so bad thing because he
did that tumble that rise again
it will stabilize it we will see a market
a little quieter certainly there will be
fluctuations
it's obligatory but they will be a lot
less high yes what I mean
after i actually wait for it all the
thing that scares me the most
this price range frankly
clearly it's not the credit sites
frankly personally it passes me
under the nose clearly I say
clearly net it goes under my nose
I do not care the only thing that makes me
shit clermont I tell you the word it's
that I'm afraid that the purchase resale for
that there for that to excuse me the purchase
resale it stinks i'm that in the
factual I can not say I'm not going
not under the eyes again but
it stinks I will do as I have you
says at the beginning of the video a video
after which we will have attended for a
week a little bit of all that I'm going
besides enjoy it I think during
this week to make a lot of buying
resale communicate with people who
do the charming I tried to
talk to a cigarette i on twitter fit
United States our legs I would like
talk to them to know a little bit
also felt
finally short so here's the friends it's going
bring a lot of novelties
we'll see how it's going to be
take it as good or as bad
for now I'm not going to decide
I have my personal opinion for now
I made you a little bit but
I announce to you that in another
video I think had compared the rap
I may try to talk to
other people
it can be quite interesting to
communicate with others who
may have 10 points of view
different opinions
so just play this little
video did this like my phone
no longer has battery so I got
well finished short, I still have to
hurry that I hurry up so that
you can see it in time
limit that I hope you go
to be able to see it before the update
that the end that the match ends as
that you will be aware
just before it comes back that the
return servers finds themselves at
the normal brief simply that the
servers it that the roles that the
waiters and opens to me I got there
so friends I hope you'll have
enjoyed videos do not hesitate to me
say what you think about them in
comments
it's the same to stay calm
we'll see how it's going to be
do not know others it may be a
new best athlete of others
news I do not know it is
imagine you maybe the
transfer offers will reappear
we do not do for now I have 19h47
we do not know friends so
do not hesitate to put in the
comments your opinion as I have you
said try to stay calm was not to
put the little lay that always does
pleasure to try to circulate
this video for those who do not know
not yet the price range and
do not hesitate to subscribe to my channel
continue all of my videos so
friends we find ourselves for a
next video